1. What status code and Content-Type did each request in Exercise 4 return? Was any of them surprising?  
  a. Returned 'no URL specified' which is interesting to me because the URL seems to be there from my pov. Answer: Windows PowerShell silently drops empty strings and used the URL as the User-Agent value. 403 Forbidden should now return.
  b. Returned 404 Not Found
  c. Returned 404 Not Found; detail: ... is not a valid resource path
  d. Returned Connection: close. Bad Request. Your browser sent a request that this server could not understand. Answer: The use case should've shown 405 Method Not Allowed. However the server in front of the API rejected the request.. It never even reached the API.



2. Why do you think NWS requires a User-Agent header?
I imagine that it is for tracking and rbac. Answer: Tracking yes. RBAC, no. But it does allow the api to identify and take actions against identities as required. 



3. The points response links to the forecast URL instead of making you build it. What's one advantage of that for the API's owners?
It is expedient but also ensures that a given consumer doesn't have to fiddle about blind trying to find an endpoint which would make consumption difficult and time consuming. Answer: Correct, and the URL structure can change without breaking anyone consuming the api.



4. Write three endpoints for boats in your API, using a method and URL for each: list all boats, get one boat, and add a boat. What status code should "get a boat that doesn't exist" return?

  a. I'm not sure what the list, get, post code should look like yet. I've built a small json snippet that should plug into the overall api return. The format is probably      incorrect currently.
    BoatType: [
              Motorboats,
              Sailboats,
              Human-Powered-Boats
              ]


  b. If a boat that doesn't exist is queried, the api should return a 404 boat type doesn't exist.

Answer: The question asks ABOUT boats like a j/24 named Wet Noodle. Types will become a property of a boat.
ex: {
    "id": 42,
    "name": "Wet Noodle",
    "type": "Sailboat",
    "lengthFt": 24,
    "capacity": 4,
    "inService": true
    }


Action,	Request,	Success response
List all boats,	GET /boats,	200 with an array of boats
Get one boat,	GET /boats/42,	200 with that boat
Add a boat,	POST /boats with the boat JSON as the body,	201 Created with a Location: /boats/43 header


5. A reservation is denied by the certification gate. Is that a 4xx or a 5xx? Which specific code would you pick, and why?
It should be a 404 because it won't be that the server can't serve a response or is otherwise broken, but rather that there is an issue with protocol fact that an individual would need to be properly certified. 

Answer: The 4xx is correct, but the 404 is not right because both the both and reservation slot exist and a 404 would send the wrong message 'there is nothing here' which is untrue. 
400 Bad Request,	The request is malformed,	End time before start time
401 Unauthorized,	We don't know who you are,	No login token
403 Forbidden,	We know who you are, and you're not allowed,	Not certified for this boat
404 Not Found,	That thing doesn't exist,	Boat 999
409 Conflict,	It clashes with the current state	Boat already booked for that window
